Clarify timeout and terminate_after docs (#71713)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/search/search-your-data/search-your-data.asciidoc

=== Search timeout

By default, search requests don't time out. The request waits for complete
results from each shard before returning a response.

While <<async-search-intro,async search>> is designed for long-running
searches, you can also use the `timeout` parameter to specify a duration you'd

> like to wait on each shard to complete. Each shard will collect hits
> within the specified time and bail with the hits accumulated up to that
> point when expired. The overall latency of the search request will depend on
> the number of shards that participate in the query and the number of shard
> requests that executed concurrently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
like to wait on each shard to complete. Each shard collects hits within the
specified time period. If collection isn't finished when the period ends, {es}
uses only the hits accumulated up to that point. The overall latency of a search
request depends on the number of shards needed for the search and the number of
concurrent shard requests.
```
